Week 1: 
The first week was intended for us to get familiar with the project. We started with a lot of 
discussion about what we wanted the project to be. We didn't implement any functional code in the first week. 
However, we came up with a structure for the project (the design of the project). We completed the team 
contracts and assigned work to each team member.  
	
	
Week 2: Starting graph implentation and data reading --Bohan Liu
        Starting traversal implementation --Grace Chang
		Completed a working (but untested) graph implementation. With weight assignment left todo. --Bohan Liu
			The data is read, cleaned, and weighted according to the latitude and longitude is assigned to the dat file --Ming Wang
			The weight of the path(Weight of graph edges) is stored in the weight of the route. (Beta, for test usage.)   --Ming Wang
			Completed function: input the latitude and longitude coordinates of two airports, 
			and output a line connecting the two airports. --Ming Wang
	
	So the next task is to use the shortest path algorithm to find the points passing between airports. --Ming Wang
	
	
Bohan started to work on data reading and completed a working but untested graph implementation. Grace began to work 
on BFS traversal. She encountered an issue not knowing what exactly was required (most of the time was spent figuring 
out what was expected). Ming worked on the "dat file", which he read, cleaned, and weighted the data according to the 
airport's latitude and longitude. He completed the function that produces graphical output drawing lines connecting airports. 
Week 3:
	Continue working on BFS generic functions -- Grace Chang
	Revised weight function by a integrating stops, airspeed and improve performance. --Bohan Liu
	```make test``` is now working. Created a basic made-up test data. --Bohan Liu
	LandmarkPath is implemented. --MingWang
	An Dijkstra.h file has been added for LandmarkPath's invoke. --Ming Wang
	This will be overwritten by a formal version uploaded by the assigned teammate. --Ming Wang
	Completed Dijkstra algorithm and override previous Dijkstra header file, but haven't run the test yet -- Jiale Ning


Week4:
	Update main.cpp to accept arguments. Add error catching in initialization. --Bohan Liu
	Revised vertex, airgraph to fit other implementations. --Bohan Liu
	Update the traversalUtil (clean up) --Grace Chang
	New version of LandmarkPath. --Bohan Liu
	Cleaning the previous version LandmarkPath which has unsolvable seg falut issues. --Ming Wang
	Deleting dead codes and update makefile. --Ming Wang
